---
layout: post
title: First day in TOP100 2014
---

It is the first day of TOP100 2014.  Compared to last year's event, TOP100 has changed a little.  The World Internet Conference is being held at the same time, so many celebrities have missed this TOP100 event.  But on another hand, this situation, makes the topics more realistic and more close to normal developers and PMs.

Today’s topics mainly came from internet companies where innovations burst very quickly.  They talked a lot about “overthrow”, they not only overthrow traditional companies and industries but also overthrow themselves and each other.

Quickness is one of the highest frequency words, everything need to be quick in internet ecosystem.  You need to find your customers quickly, develop quickly, release quickly, debug quickly and upgrade quickly.  There is no time to think thoroughly.  All you can do is try your best to find the shortest way to get to your market.  Or you will die in this jungle.

Chaos is another impression that today’s lecturer give to me.  The development activities in today’s internet industry are not so rigorous as traditional IT industry like our company.  There are no widely accepted laws to guide the development.  All people are trying and learning from their own practice.  As Lu Fan from Cheetah Mobile said, this is an era for experimental chemists.

As before, I can feel the fresh air from internet blows on my face.  They are vibrant and confident, they consider themselves as grave-diggers of traditional authorities and heralds of new IT.  They are so brave and optimistic.  They are creating the history.  Then what about us?  To be followers as usual?  Not me at least!
